the SQL files in this directory were generated by taking the prdump031715.sql file,
removing the INSERTs on patients and users and factoring these into dev_patients.sql
and dev_users.sql. These should be used on any test development instance.

The SQL files for production are as follows:

scd_test_patients.sql - The test patients and PINS (1200-1299) for Dr. Quezado's SCD surveys
scd_prod_patients.sql - The prod patients and PINS (2000-2999) for Dr. Quezado's SCD surveys
postop_test_patients.sql - The test patients and PINS (1300-1399) for Dr. Oetgen's SCD surveys
postop_prod_patients.sql - The prod patients and PINS (3000-3999) for Dr. Oetgen's SCD surveys

We do not have the set of admin users for each clinical trial yet so there is no users or 
trial_clinicians files yet.

To load these, do these steps:
1. Login to mysql and create a database:
   mysql> create database painreport;
2. Switch to that database: 
   mysql> use painreport;
3. Load the scripts:
   mysql> source "<full path to .sql file>";
4. Double-check:
   mysql> select count(*) from <tables>;

Note there are no foreign key constraints specified in the database, and further the
primary keys of tables are auto-generated and there are no UNIQUE constraints specified
at the moment so it is possible to have redundant PINs. Need to change this.

TO DO:
1. Auto backup script
2. Foreign key constraints added
3. Get rid of the auto-increment PKs and use the PINs. As a temporary fix we can at least
   add UNIQUE constraints on candidate keys, and use these in foreign key specifications
4. Add the admin users and clinicians
